there's a voice
that's where I'll always be
I can't stay for long just to
maybe tomorrow
Wow just keep moving
so if you wanna join me
just grab
Oh course none
maybe tomorrow
I'll just keep
and shorten the lead up keep him at
he'll between the obstacles good let him
go at his own time Hulk's race Tanner
you and Magnum are supposed to be
partners stay together
you
okay guys it's hot take five we'll give
the dog some water I could use a cold
beer Tanner hey Ted let you enter the
office I came to borrow oh let's as a
ward I want to take it to the hospital
to show Noah oh yeah how's it going with
the kid ah not great
they're through with the tests and
they've decided to operate they're
pretty sure it's a tumor that's rough
well at least he's got a big brother now
somebody to talk to I don't know I keep
trying but the kids got so much on his
plate it's less than a year ago his dad
died No
whose dog is this I don't know hey Sarge
check it out
looks like we got ourselves volunteer
hey banquet you let your dogs run loose
now don't tell me my job arson ball you
just stick to stuffing envelopes besides
that's not one of our dogs hey don't let
him bug you
he knows this should be your job he
couldn't begin to touch your record with
dogs I got lost in the shuffle
and I'm a bit older
what are you doing with her maybe he is
a police dog a runaway I'm gonna make a
few calls take him to the pen no he's
not a police dog Holtz are you with us
here or what tell me sergeant give my
best to know her
would you bring that in for I'm not a
baby I thought it might make you feel
better it was always your favorite I was
when I was seven no it's embarrassing
what was I supposed to bring you flowers
just get me out of here
no I why are you letting them do this
I don't want it it's your fault if I was
18 they wouldn't be able to do anything
you don't mean that
well I see you've got your prison outfit
on have they taken your fingerprints yet
I peg sorry I'm a bit late oh I better
get back to the restaurant um dad's
going to stay with you for a while Noah
swell
he's not himself they say the pressure
on the brain is getting worse it's
alright
I'll cheer about I got something to show
well I've checked with the other
divisions if he is a police dog it's not
in his province it must be a family pet
then how old do you think is too old to
teach it was 17 below and I was sure
there was no way that hunter would have
gone into a frozen swamp for 3 hours I
was up to my armpits at ice and slush
habit Lance knew best I know this story
he told me last time oh yeah but I
thought you might want to see that I
just wish everybody would stop telling
me what I want
hey little brother you and me got an
appointment for a haircut they're gonna
shave my head
hey look it's alright I'll come back
with
your your father made this for you
you're not my father and you're not my
real brother either didn't you just
leave me alone of course
if you don't need me
so I'll see you in recovery tomorrow
okay
hey fella you okay Hey
Oh fella I guess we're just a couple of
friendly old fools
all right no way
hey kid where'd you go
Ted they called the police yes and I'm
sure they'll find I not he's so scared
he could do anything
and with those blackout things going to
be alright
you
if flats were all the younger active
isn't there someone at the academy those
dogs are only in their second week of
basic training please
edie love the shirt
mrs. Bainbridge loaned it to me this has
to be unofficial Frank no problem
I hear there's an APB out on the kid
won't they have him by the time we get
out of the parking lot
not unless they got cruisers now that
can go through hollow logs up fire
escapes or into basements think of it
must be a hundred hiding places in every
square mile of this town so let's get
started mrs. Bateman gave me this
remember the lots full of other sense
deliveries patience other kids gardeners
hey it's the rookie isn't it
what's that that's funny this was in the
room let's know what maybe the rookie
knows where he is okay boy if he can
give us a start
go on we're with you
wait Rangers got something it's in the
other direction what do we do
we'd have to stick with Ranger he's got
the scent look at him
I'm afraid the other dog doesn't
understand what we're doing got him
strong now find him in no time
dog is like a flashlight he shows you
something but it's up to you to
interpret what you're looking at not
everything he shows you is important but
sometimes the slightest movement on his
part can mean the difference between
saving a life or just passing it by he
thank God we're on the right track
maybe we're not too late to save her
No
now lose it now oh no wait watch
remember the water evaporating increases
the humidity of the air so what does
brick wood teach you over there I don't
know we haven't done humidity yet the
higher the humidity more scent is
released in the air anything less than
50% and you haven't even got a track
especially on pavement sundries up the
scent in no time there he's got it again
that should be easier now are you sure I
mean the kids left town no I mean
Rangers got more to Whitman the sense
got more facets to it unnatural earth
ever saw that dog before today now we're
seeing him everywhere wish he really
didn't know where Noah was
I've been home but they say it when they
find him they'll bring him back here no
no I'm okay
just tell Cal I won't be back today I I
don't know when it all depends on
on what happens
you think we've seen some footprints by
now there's pretty soft
if you ever see footprints count
yourself lucky with any kind of wind
we're following a track 20 to 40 feet
from the one Noah took he could have
been walking on the road or even on the
other side
kid obviously got a ride he could be in
Thunder Bay by now no I don't believe
that he's still here somewhere he could
be hiding even watching us but if the
sense gone what can you do gotta trust
your instincts you've got to trust your
dog
okay let me take you guide me you're the
master
you
he's got it he's gotta be getting back
to town
you watch her
that's it not good letter capital e let
him feel yep confident in him I do
pretty neat him up concentrate now
remember you're in T hey look there he
is the rookie hero
I know what you did boy I wouldn't say
this in front of Ted but you're even
smarter than Ranger doesn't know I have
a birthday coming up yes but what can I
get him he's already been given the best
present anyone could get he's going to
be okay
hey tad how does a dog get in the animal
Hall of Fame like Lance
I mean who chooses it well first you
have to be a life saver yeah
oh you mean the rookie that's not a bad
idea
what do you think less yeah let's go
talk to him about it come on boy
Oh No
I want him to stick around now we don't
even have a picture of hey you know what
I could do I can get an artist to do a
police sketch other bitola composite do
you think you could describe him to
somebody you back
I'll never forget what he looks like
there's a voice keeps on calling me
down the road that's where I always
well first off I make
can't stay for long
maybe tomorrow settle down
oh just keep moving
be one till tomorrow
you